Hello and welcome back.
In this lecture I want to test your knowledge of the adapter everything you learned in this section.
So I have a little assignment little challenge.
So what I want to do is I want you to implement the adapter pattern for an application that plays media.
You're going to need to implement the pattern using an object adapter.
So you're going to use composition has a relationship.
You need to create a media player interface in a concrete class named audio player audio player is going
to implement this interface.
The media play interface contains a single method named play it takes a string for audio type and a
string for file name audio player can play MP 3 format audio files.
That's the audio type.
By default
you need to create another interface named Advanced Media Player and concrete classes v LC player and
MP for player v LC player and MP for player.
Implement the Advanced Media Player interface to different interface than the media player.
The Advanced Media Player interface includes two methods Load File Name and listen Load File Name takes
a string representing the file name.
Listen to listen we'll use the file name member variable to listen to audio and these classes can play
v LC in MP format files.
We want to make the media player play other formats in addition to the audio player so we need to create
an adapter that adapts the imbalance to media player to a media player.
That's the goal for this assignment.
You're going to need to create an adapter class named Advanced Media Player adapter.
You need to implement the media player interface right because that's the target should you.
You should use advanced media player object to listen to the required format.
That's the competition right.
That's the adapter.
The Advanced Media Player you're adapting the Advanced Media Player to the target which is a media player.
So you want to set the Advanced Media Player remember object via the media adapter constructor.
So we haven't previous examples.
The Advanced Media Player adapter play method takes the desired audio type as input handle a file name
it does not know the actual class which can play the desired format it invokes the load file name and
listen methods how it works.
The adapter pattern demo is the demo class or the client.
The client will use the media player class to play various formats so who their participates in this
challenge.
The target is the media player.
Remember this defines the low main specific interface that the client will use the client or interact
with.
The ultimate target is the media player.
The client is going to collaborate with objects conforming to the target interface so MP for v LC are
the clients they implement.
The Advanced Media Player interface right now those are incompatible with the media Interface Media
Player interface.
We cannot play IP for or V LC audio so this client needs to collaborate with the Advanced Media Player
adapter which conforms to the media player interface
the adapter is gonna be the one that defines an existing interface that needs adapting.
That's the Advanced Media Player that's seen her face.
That's the adaptive the adapter is who's gonna adopt the interface of the adapt to the target interface.
So the Advanced Media Player adapter is gonna adopt the Advanced Media Player to the media player interface
and that's the goal for the assignment.
Knowing the participants you should be apply this pattern quite easily.
I gave you a lot of information in the beginning to show you how the hierarchy works and show you how
the different concrete class is implementing the interfaces that are incompatible.
If you run the program here is some example output.
You just want to play some audio files so you would demonstrate that you're able to play multiple audio
files through the media player interface using the adapter.
So here we're just saying you play we're able to play an IP 3 file and we display the name we able to
play an MP for file with the name and VRC file with the name and then we also had invalid media because
we tried to play something with API.
But there was no adapter that allowed us to have an advanced media player to play API with the media
player interface.
These are the goals for the challenge.
Again demonstrating your knowledge of the adapter design padding pattern using an object adapter using
composition and we know our two interfaces that are and supported and we know are adapting an adapter.
Thank you and good luck.